Coding related things:

Consider 0 as dead and 1 as live.

I have made a class name "Grid" with the following methods:


1 init = In the init method I have initialized list as 30X30 matrix
         and also a dictionary with unique name for each index.
	 Dictionary key will take string name as key and list of index as
         value.

2 rules = In this method I have taken index value as input and a list
	  which will contain the indexes where I need to make changes.
          In this method there is one more method which is named as 
         "Adjacent".Here I have applied the rules that are given in the
	 assignment and it will give the number of adjacent as output(Sum).
          
          

3 add = Here the input provided by the user gets stored in the list it requires 
        four arguments two for the indexes and one for value and one for name.

4 update = It takes list of index value as input and make changes in the list 
           accordingly.

5 search_input = It takes cell position as argument it checks weather the given cell
                 is live or dead and also check invalid position and gives the
                 answer accordingly.

6 display =     It displays the whole list of live and dead cells presesnt in the grid
                if the value is 0 consider it as dead if value is 1 consider it as live


7 dict_key = This function is used when user gives the cell name to check
             weather that key is already occupied or not returns the value
             accordingly
 

Execution of program:


First of all I have created an object of class Grid
and displayed its value

After that an infinite while loop starts where the program takes the input
for insertion firstly it requires index value from user than the corresponding
values (0 or 1) and name of the cell.

After getting the input for each value function rules will be called and will perform
above mentioned task(refer rules method).

After the completion of the rules method update method will be called for updation purpose.

Then whole list will be displayed as 30X30 matrix.

After that user will be asked if it wants to search for particular cell if user
enters 1 than user have to give the cell name.
User can skip the method with typing any other key.

As mentioned earlier this will be an infinite loop can be stoped only with
ctrl+c in command prompt(Microsoft Windows)


Thank You
